[Video - Parameter Explanation]: ../docs/SORRY.md

# Parameter definition / Overview

Please read through this parameter guide - those are important, as they configure the base of the whole set-up.

- [Video - Parameter Explanation]

&nbsp;

---

## Parameter Guide

<body>
<table style="width:100%">
<thead>
<tr>
<th style="width:16%">Parameter</th>
<th style="width:60%">Description</th>
<th style="width:12%">Mandatory</th>
<th style="width:12%">Default</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><code>aws.auth_profile</code></td>
<td>Name of the AWS credential profile. By default, a profile "terraform" is used. Can be changed, if required</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>terraform</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>aws.aws_access_key_id</code></td>
<td>add your aws_access_key_id to auth against the AWS API</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>aws.aws_secret_access_key</code></td>
<td>add your aws_secret_access_key to auth against the AWS API</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>aws.aws_session_token</code></td>
<td>add your aws_session_token to auth against the AWS API</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>aws.region</code></td>
<td class="tsection">Region to deploy the infrastrucure. Only supported regions at the moment are: "eu-west-1" and "eu-central-1"</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">eu-central-1</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>aws.tmp_aws_cred</code></td>
<td class="tsection">BOOLEAN true/false - indicate if your credentails are temporarily/STS (true) or if you got a permanent API key (false). <br>One indicatior might be the existence of aws_session_token, which is used in STS auth. By default we assume static API keys.<br><b style='color:green;'>true:</b> use STS / temporary token<br><b style='color:green;'>false:</b> use static keys</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">false</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>docker.password</code></td>
<td>Password for Docker private repo. <br><b style='color:red;'>INERNAL</b> no need to change. Is part of a workaround and will be removed soon.</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>n/a</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>docker.username</code></td>
<td class="tsection">Username for Docker private repo. <br><b style='color:red;'>INERNAL</b> no need to change. Is part of a workaround and will be removed soon.</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">n/a</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>f5.password</code></td>
<td>BigIP Password</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>***REMOVED***</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>f5.username</code></td>
<td class="tsection">BigIP admin (DO NOT CHANGE)</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">admin</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>nginx.ic_branch</code></td>
<td class="tsection">Current ingress controller version to be used.</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">v3.0.2</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>student.email</code></td>
<td>Please add  your e-mail address. This is to identify you in a shared AWS environment</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>student.ip-address</code></td>
<td>Client IP Address (student). This fiel is auto-populated later. No need to change here.</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>Autogenerated</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td class="tsection"><code>student.name</code></td>
<td class="tsection">Student name. IF WORKING IN A SHARED ENVIRONMENT, please SET it to something unique (may casue problems, if this deployment is installed twice, with the same student name in the same subscription</td>
<td class="tsection">mandatory</td>
<td class="tsection">EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.cloud_credentials_profile</code></td>
<td>Name of the EXISTING profile in your xC Console. These cloud credentials rer used to authenticate xc against the cloud platform (access keys). The need to be pre-poulated within the console, before proceeding here.</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.gatewayname</code></td>
<td>Name of the xC Gateway in xC Console. No need to change - value is auto-populated</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>Autogenerated</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.kubeconfig_b64</code></td>
<td>kubeconfig for EKS service discovery. No need to change - value is auto-populated</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>Autogenerated</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.p12_auth</code></td>
<td>Path & name to/of your local xc API certificate</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.p_12_pwd</code></td>
<td>secret to decrypt your local API certificate</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.tenant</code></td>
<td>Your xC tenant name</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>xC.tenant_api</code></td>
<td>xC API endpoint - no need to change.</td>
<td>mandatory</td>
<td>EMPTY</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>